good to be here I love Chicago alright
so yeah so my name is Travis cowlick
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
give a little background on myself then
I'll dive into some experiences that
I've had some good stories and maybe
some questions stuff like that
so let's have some fun alright so Who am
I so first I like to I like to think of
myself as the wolf in Pulp Fiction like
what the hell is that
so okay so if you guys remember Pulp
Fiction there's the guy who comes in
when the hits the fan and then you
know there's like a body in the back of
the car and there's all these problems
and John Travolta's having issues and
like all stuffs going down I work at
this point I work with startups I work
I'm an investor in startups I'm an angel
investor I'm an advisor but I'm more
entrepreneurial so what happens is I
actually get in there one example let me
give you an example of being the wolf
one of my companies has has an investor
who is formerly a billionaire who is
about to declare personal bankruptcy and
he owns 50% of the company and put in 7
million to get that 50% and about 3
months ago called us and said um I'm
going to need to liquidate all of my
shares in your company and I'm going to
need to do it
by next week and we're like ok that's
really interesting so I get the car get
the next call and then the next thing
you know we're doing an auction with a
bunch of VCS to sell off his to sell off
his piece and that sounds simple and
straightforward sort of not really but
just to make it more complicated what we
wanted to do was we wanted to sell new
shares of our company at a very high
price and pay him off with the money we
get at a very low price and we wanted to
turn his 50% of the company into 25% and
have an additional 5 million dollars in
thank so that's what it's like being the
wolf startup consigliere I have a
company right now whose revenues are
going through the roof several million
dollars run rate an amazing senior
management team a young but very
talented CEO and for some reason the VCS
want to get rid of them I can't
understand why and so I get a call okay
we got to make sure this doesn't happen
that's something I see very often
sometimes it's a it's a sometimes it's a
company on the the next one's the funny
shepherd sometimes there's a company
that I'm that I've already decided I've
been working with I'm advising and it's
time for them to go out and get funding
I'm like I'm in let's do this thing
but the chunks of the the checks that I
write which are out of my own personal
my own personal bank account they can't
get the whole thing funded so we need to
go and get this thing done
and there's been a number of situations
where you know where I have to go and
you know really help Shepherd that that
round together interim CXO a lot of
times you know company may not have a
CTO may not have a head of sales may not
have whatever I can come in and do it
I've my background is varied I started
as an engineer but went all the way to
enterprise sales depends on the company
that I've done sole proprietor of the
jam pad so I have my house basically the
entrepreneur's that I work with they
have nicknamed my house the jam pad and
what that means is all times of the day
probably there's five or six or seven
different entrepreneurs that come in at
various parts of the day sometimes it's
fifteen but they come in at different
times sometimes it's scheduled sometimes
it's not sometimes it's in the morning
and we're talking about how to like
improve their sales strategy sometimes
it's 1:00 a.m. and we're just talking
about random ideas and technology but
it's the jam pad because we jam on
entrepreneurial ideas we jam on
companies on technology etc and so I
look at myself as a curator of
entrepreneurs is I have I I'm an
entrepreneur
I love entrepreneurs I love
entrepreneurism and so
I try to find really awesome
entrepreneurs and work with them deeply
in these ways that have described and
there's a French term eminence Creuset I
don't even know if I'm pronouncing it
properly but basically it means I don't
know French but basically it means that
I'm the guy behind the scenes so I don't
get in front of my CEOs that I work with
or that the investments that I make I'm
behind the scenes and that's that's kind
of how I operate
so what am i well I'm I'm in I have an
insanely curious personality right so I
am curious about ideas and I'll go there
no ideas are bad ideas some are better
than others though and I'm just curious
and I bring that curiosity to the table
and I think that makes that makes me who
I am but that makes me a pretty decent
entrepreneur I'm Rain Man analytical I
am a numbers guy to the demise of myself
sometimes some people really get you
know I'm counting the toothpicks you
know like on the floor like I am
watching all the numbers and just
cranking Excel sheets sequel queries the
whole nine I really love numbers I feel
that God is in the details and I really
dig deep there I'm deeply scarred so I
have I did a company let's see I did a
company called red swoosh which was
about four or five years too early to
market four years the first four years I
didn't pay myself that meant living with
my mom that meant not getting any girls
that's for sure
that meant you know that meant a lot of
hard times that meant hearing a hundred
nose a day every day for four years
straight
but eventually turn that into something
and brave heart passion right so man I
get passionate about the things that I
work on I went through a lot of stuff to
get to where I am and so the
entrepreneurs that I work with and the
companies I invest in are because I want
to be there because I see something
beautiful in what they're doing
something beautiful in that person let's
go let's go do amazing stuff together so
cool factoids on myself again I'm just
doing some
background stuff and then we'll get into
some interesting stories but cool
factoids I sold $20,000 worth of knives
in the summer yeah I sold stuff anybody
here sell Cutco knives anybody L we got
one I'd be pumping gas and my friends
would be like looking pretty sharp today
Travis damn it okay I did the OG
PDP pirate so I think Frank talked a
little bit about this I with I was I was
in the computer science undergraduate
Association at UCLA and we we were
sending emails to each other with
attachments of music files and video
files and images this is it like 97 98
and like man wouldn't it be cool if
there was just a place to search for
this stuff and so we we did that we were
the first peer-to-peer pirates it was
awesome I sued for the GDP of Sweden two
hundred and fifty billion dollars or I
like using it this way a quarter of a
trillion dollars and so that's what
happens when college students get stuff
for free that they're not supposed to
get it was interesting day that man
stories about how we got sued and how
that went down really interesting I've
had a few billionaire investors on my
boards Mark Cuban's one of them really
amazing guy awesome
I've had some crazy ones too well
actually all billionaires are crazy I
actually have a model for this but I
called the billionaire craziness curve
but a guy named Michael Ovitz another
guy named Ron Burkle were involved in
scour and actually so scour we got sued
and well we made a strategic move when
we got sued in and we it was basically
declaring chapter 11 and that strategic
move was well you take that lawsuit and
it ends up being a liability and when
you go to bankruptcy court you it then
becomes it gets stayed litigation gets
state it gets put in the bucket of
liabilities and they say well we're
going to solve this this liability this
litigation
in two weeks instead of ten years and I
was really interesting because we we
forced the copyright guys who didn't
want to see copyright law settled in a
bankruptcy court in two weeks they
settled out of court and so we paid him
a million bucks cash we turned the
technology off and we sold our company
in a court room so it was literally an
auction and we had a judge like I hear a
five million do I hear six do I hear a
seven it was crazy
very interesting to see the company you
build basically gets sold in a matter of
20 minutes anybody who sold a company in
the other way it was how weird that must
be few more let's see and any any any
entrepreneurs here that would consider
themselves successful entrepreneurs
nobody's raising there we got one we got
two I guarantee you that I am more non
lucky than both of you combined and what
I mean by that is I wouldn't say I'm
unlucky I would just say that man I did
the lucky breaks just weren't coming
right nobody would say that I was a
lucky entrepreneur I work my ass off and
was just super persistent in 2007 oh so
what happened is with Scour we got sued
we went out of existence I told you
about that stuff we basically took our
expertise in peer-to-peer technology and
took those 33 litigants there were 33
the largest immunity comes in the world
that sued us took those 33 litigants and
turn them into customers with my next
company which was called red swoosh well
at some point basically you know when
you have a peer-to-peer search you have
a face it's a it's a search engine you
type something in and you get your
results
we took the face off and the
peer-to-peer technology was still there
was just a network stack and instead of
you searching for things you're not
supposed to get now you're just clicking
on links and it's pulling peer-to-peer
and saving those same content providers
money so at some point we had 10 million
persistently connected machines it was a
botnet that we could control from the
center it was kind of cool
this is tech geeky I don't know if
anybody's
going to care but I'm probably one of
five people who know what symmetric
symmetric NAT reversal is okay social
network who saw the movie
most people yes okay I was written out
of a scene and replaced by an Asian
woman okay the meeting where Sean Parker
meets suck in the restaurant Sean and I
took zuckerberg out to dinner FYI
and Sean after that after that dinner
was like and Facebook no I thought it
was amazing I at the time I would either
email or call my girlfriend any time I
met somebody awesome and amazing because
I don't have any money to invest just to
sort of like put it on the record I
called my girlfriend at the time right
after that dinner I said I just met the
smartest 20 year old on the planet okay
I was written out of that saying just
saying Oh
later that night so after I met the
smartest 20 year old on the planet
later that night duck and I went out
drinking in New York he was still 20 I
snuck him into a bar we got wasted
that's that's happened alright next okay
so brief history so I started sort of
like a hobbyist hacker coder dude my
first company was when I was 18 it was
actually a company called new way
Academy I was SAT prep old school no
technology I burned out on filling out
bubbles you know the pencil ABCD etc but
man I can kill the SAT
I've been timed eight minutes on a
half-hour math section okay okay sorry
alright so talked about some of the
other stuff here you know as I said now
I'm sort of a curator of sorts uh in my
collection my my you know if I'm a
curator what is my collection this is my
collection right here you know a lot of
uh a lot of investors they say oh you
know and they put up only the ones that
you know sold and then the fifty other
ones that didn't that were crap they
don't talk about those that's everything
and so I feel like I've got a good eye
for this kind of art some of the really
interesting
ones there I mean all of them are pretty
interesting CrowdFlower super
interesting sort of labor on demand a
sort of Mechanical Turk for the
enterprise if you guys are familiar
Mechanical Turk formspring super
interesting a ten month old company
eleven month now that has almost twenty
million registered users that's pretty
amazing that's never happened in the
history of the internet as far as I know
I was actually one of the one of the one
of the original guys behind Hoover
calves so Garrett it was Garrett camp at
StumbleUpon the original idea him and I
started jamming on what's you know what
should this be I in queue baited it and
then brought in a guy named Brian graves
to to get to sort of run with it that's
as you see the cab is in parentheses
actually it's uber now I don't know if
you guys been keeping up with the news
but we that that business is killing it
but regulators are trying to put us out
of business which is kind of interesting
we're totally compliant I can't wait to
prove that to them
Kerry owes and this this just shows sort
of my range I don't have like oh I do
this kind of company and that's it
I carry owes a healthcare IT company and
they are there they're doing great I
mean really big revenues several million
dollar run rate growing you know well
over a hundred percent year-over-year
right now having a lot of fun with them
honestly is another interesting one
they're formerly known as unvarnished
but anyways those are those are the
folks so that's my collection so Frank
said hey I want to maybe we can talk
about some of the jam pad lessons some
of the things I've learned by working
with entrepreneurs some of the cool
things that are out there not cool
things things to do things not to do and
so I just put together a list of those
things well we'll just go through them
pretty quickly I can't tell you so this
is more for Angel funded companies that
are then looking at their next round
sort of like a Series A or series B so
often
dc's come and say look you know we'll
just give you a term sheet yeah you know
you don't have to do the whole funding
process you know it's going to waste
your time and you can't run the business
and I know that's what you want to do
preemption pre-emptive deals are bad
don't do it usually ends up almost
always ends up you getting a raw deal I
can tell you so many stories about it
don't get me started I'll start crying
and my face will get red okay next
DC's oceans they kill founding DC's like
to kill founders it's crazy like I said
I'm on this company the revenues are
shooting through the freaking roof
insanely amazing senior management team
everybody loves the CEO why I don't why
are we getting rid of them I don't
understand can you please tell me why
we're doing that
somebody needs to crack this mystery I
don't really understand it there are
certain situations where a founder needs
to sort of step aside and maybe be a
chief product officer or something like
that but more often than not I see these
sees for some reason want to want to
kill the founder and without a really
good reason for it recommend in those
situations having somebody if you're one
of those founders having somebody on
your rent on your side sort of call the
VC who's doing this call them to the mat
during a board meeting that can work out
well fear is the disease hustle is the
antidote so in my day I already sound
like an old school dude in my day
we it was just tough man you start a
company in 2001 good luck right you
can't count on funding you can't count
on sales you can't count on anything but
just crazy hustle and just grit your
teeth claw your way to success there was
just no easy way to do it what I find is
a lot of the entrepreneurs today are
much smarter than we were back in the
day they're like way smarter
you know they got blogs they know what
VCS are
doing you know they know everything
that's going on in the space we're back
then there was no such thing as a blog
like basically you had like the LA Times
you know I mean it was like you had the
industry-standard or wired but you
didn't know what was going on and there
was no philosophy of how to fund VCS
were not blogging every day there was no
Twitter where the VCS were saying what
they're up to or entrepreneurs were
saying hey do this or don't do that
there's a corpus of knowledge now that's
that makes entrepreneurs today much
smarter but there's liquidity in funding
especially on the Angels side it used to
be much hard to get an angel deal done
than a Series A deal now angel deals are
a piece of cake but what happens is I've
see a number of entrepreneurs who who
don't have that hustle and they they're
afraid and they act out of that fear and
when you act out of that fear you make
big mistakes an example might be doing a
preemptive deal with a VC thinking
they're your friend an example might be
like not being hardcore and keeping your
job an example might be not you know a
lot of times it gets exposed through
deals you see that fear being exposed
through the deal cycle and so if you
find if you're entrepreneur and you find
yourself afraid of something sack up
okay and start hustling hustling is the
antidote to fear go create your success
next okay
all right fake it till you make it I've
heard this from a couple entrepreneurs
fake it till you make it is
okay if you fake it till you make it
that means you're living a lie and if
you live a lie long enough you're going
to be in pain and you're going to start
to sleep 14 hours a night okay because
you can't wake up so faking it to make
it is not a long-term strategy fake it
till you make it is an insecure strategy
and again that goes back to fear if
you're afraid go hustle it will solve
your problems but don't fake it now that
here's another one funding doesn't solve
all problems even some of the most
hardcore entrepreneurs I've seen get
caught up in this bubble sort of funding
environment guys who are hardcore
gritty guys who can go and hustle and
get deals and make sales and do the
whole thing and make their technology
you know amazing product fit product
market fit the whole nine they get
caught up in this bubble and then all of
a sudden they think they need to get
their next round of funding they think
they need to go raise you know whether
it's a bigger angel round or you know
when they're you know they're maybe not
ready or they've already got their angel
round they need to go do a Series A or a
Series B funding does not solve all
problems if you haven't found product
market fit chill out get your
together get stay scrappy get it done
I've seen people go out to get funding
too early often on a pre-emptive deal
and give away half of their company
prematurely and and and find that you
know they get that money and they're not
doing anything really different than
what they would have done anyways so
funding does not solve all problems
sales solve all problems Hustle solves
all problems but funding doesn't always
solve your problems so this goes to one
of the other things I was talking about
CEOs that survive our CEOs if you're not
tough enough like a you know you you
don't you don't get gritty you don't
hold on to your position there are
enough forces out there that will take
you out so the guys who are left as CEOs
or the guys who should be CEOs and
there's something there's you know I see
entrepreneurs that I'm like you have the
magic keep going but if they don't have
the grit to push through well then they
won't survive as CEOs even if they're
awesome so you know don't think just
because the VC tells you that you need
to have somebody awesome or above you in
some cases you you have to be self-aware
and know this Sergey and Larry dated
okay for themselves but but check in
with yourself make sure that's a
decision you're making and you're not
letting other people make for you so
what I have next the is I call it the
formspring knee section which is I'm
asking myself questions all right here
we go so what is the jam pad I think
I've talked about that a little bit
maybe I don't need to go too much into
that but you know anybody who wants to
come out come over if you're in San
Francisco just send me an email come on
by will jam on an idea you're working on
will jam on an idea you're not working
on technology problem maybe you're
facing a sales issue you're facing
marketing whatever it's a great place to
hang out I've had a number of people
actually couch surf at my place couch
surfing is a nice experience there
because we actually have three bedrooms
so it's really bed surfing but okay all
right what the heck is this how do you
pick your I don't know what that is
we're going to move to the next oh I
know what this one is this is how do I
pick the companies that I work with okay
so let's see I have a couple criteria
it's actually you know pretty
straightforward so how do I pick the
companies that I invest in one is the
entrepreneur that sits across the table
for me is somebody that either right at
that moment in time or I see has the
potential to be somebody that I could
see being a co-founder of myself like
somebody I would co-found a company with
that's number one right somebody I could
get excited about working with in some
world or in this one number two is the
idea that they're working on is exciting
to me and that doesn't mean oh it's got
to be social networking QA if you're
doing that I'm in instead it's is your
idea disruptive does it shake things up
will it make big impact and and does it
make for a good cocktail story that's
sort of like a litmus test like if I
tell a story am i excited about it do my
eyes sparkle when I tell the story of
what this guy is doing and sounds you
know so you know it's pretty
straightforward some angel investors are
like you know what I go for the thirty
million dollar flips I put in a few
hundred grand and they sell for thirty
and you know maybe they don't have the
opportunity to go big that's fine that's
not my style my style is
about necessarily where they exit my
style is about the impact and
awesomeness of what they're doing how do
I get my pitch in front of you some
formatting stuff I think when it
transferred translated over this machine
okay so how do I get my pitch in front
of you actually the best way to describe
this is actually should tilt this up the
it's actually through examples so
there's a few examples that might be
interesting so for instance let me think
what's a good one Oh crowd flower so
crowd flower is an interesting one
because they crowd flower was doing
something really interesting in a space
that I was interested in I had been
using Mechanical Turk at my previous
company to QA my software and I'm like
wow like we would just do these manual
test scripts when I was at Akamai Akamai
had their own QA system and I would have
to freeze I would have to freeze
software development
send it over talk to the QA team they
would schedule when they were going to
do the QA and that might be a month or
two out and then once they got the code
they would spend two months queuing it
and we got around that by basically
writing the manual test scripts that we
wanted basically to be done on our
software and then we would put on
Mechanical Turk and in 48 hours we would
have a thousand people who had basically
Qaid our stuff and it was on platforms
all around the world and we're like wow
so one of my ideas was enterprise QA
through Mechanical Turk well they were
doing some very interesting stuff with
Mechanical Turk so then I reached out to
him that's sort of the bullet there I
reached out to him and found him and
then we started working together and
then it maybe nine months later we
actually did the funding so often I get
it involved before the funding happens
another example formspring forms
formspring let's see how did that go I
have a reputation for working with the
companies that I'm involved in and other
investors that I've co invested with
they they've seen that and they're way a
lot of times other investors
their way of bringing value to the table
is bringing me to the table and so
basically one of the the lead one of the
lead investors for formspring basically
called me up and said we have a slot
safe for you if you want it and you know
I was on vacation in Brazil you know I
talked to the founders you know as much
as I could and I wired the money but net
at this point am deeply involved with
the formspring guys probably spending 15
hours a week with those guys another
example of how folks have gotten to me
is is unvarnished now known as honest
honestly right so if you guys don't know
anything about them it really
fascinating its yelp meets LinkedIn and
has a love child so it's how to describe
that it's public anonymous reviews of
people it's kind of kind of crazy it's
done in the professional settings so
it's done for how they do as a
professional in business very
controversial idea but the way I found
them was TechCrunch 50 this is the
predecessor to disrupt they had a huge
conference I basically did a blog post I
said if you are a finalist one of the 50
finalists to present at TechCrunch 50 on
I'm it you can you can apply to to to
couch-surf at the jam pad right and I
got like 23 applications obviously I
couldn't let them all stay at my place
but some of them did and one of those
guys who stayed there you know he
presented he did great but he knew the
guys who were doing unvarnished now
known as honestly and that's how I got
an intro so the best way to get to me is
through the people I know or just doing
something awesome that I find out about
man the formatting is killing me when
should I go out for drinks
when should I go out for pizza I think
this is when should I go out for funding
this is actually this is actually one of
the like walking let's this is actually
one of them
more difficult questions that I get when
should I go out for funding my gut is
like if you're in the ain't if you're
sort of seed stage company the way I
look at this is you should go for
funding as late as you possibly can go
as long as you can scrapping get your
technology and your traction as far as
you can and you will guarantee yourself
the best fundraising process that
includes a quick process
that includes a competitive process that
includes
good terms at the end of the day now
once you have funding it's slightly
different you know there is a timing
element to it but it's almost the same I
mean you don't want to wait as long as
you possibly can because then you have
to you know you have ten employees and
you've got two weeks left and you're
like okay it's time to raise funding you
can't wait that long
there's a timing element to it but again
I would say push it out as far as you
possibly can if you're doing some good
stuff eventually those VCS are going to
start reaching out to you and you're
saying I'm not really raising in there
be like they're going to try to preempt
and then you know it's time to do a real
process how do I get the best people man
I see so many blog posts about how do I
get the best people and how to identify
that spew all this the way you get the
best people I actually have a really
straight couple straightforward rules
for this there's a couple different ways
one is truly I write a truly inspired
blog post like truly inspired that
describes the company the mission the
vision how it's amazing why you're
amazing and why it's going to be amazing
if that candidate comes and and works
with you a lot if you went to my blog
it's swooshing got WordPress com
but if you went to my blog you would see
a number of those job posts that I've
written for other companies some of the
Cummings that I'm involved with so
that's one number two truly inspired
networking
right so if this isn't for everybody but
man if you can go out there and work a
you know really work the the rolodex and
really go out there and talk to
everybody you know and find those
amazing people and inspire the people
you know to help you find amazing people
you're going to do a good job now if you
can do both of those then what happens
is you get amazing people quickly and
there's a few situations where I've seen
that but it doesn't happen very often
but if you do neither of those you're
going to have a mediocre team or no team
at all are we in a funding bubble the
best way to answer that is it's better
to be selling equity right now than it
is to be buying
so I'm guessing mostly entrepreneurs in
this room here you guys are in the right
place right now I'm a switch-hitter so I
can i fund companies but I also start
them so right now it's better to start
them and blink okay all right so anyways
that's that's all I got for today
if you guy think we have a few minutes
if you guys want to ask some questions
I'm happy to answer them I hope this was
at least somewhat entertaining and
thanks Jen
yeah so a lot of so okay so the question
and yeah I'll repeat the question so the
question is early-stage startups when
and how should I bring the advisors on
and should they get a piece of equity
and how does it all work
many many entrepreneurs have had really
bad advisor situations or let's just say
disappointing advisor situations there's
a number of reasons why that can happen
one of the main reasons is the
entrepreneur tries to squeeze how much
they offer up to these amazing advisors
the best way to get amazing advisors
doing amazing things for you is to
figure out first if you were to bring
them on full-time what would you give
them cash and equity then you say well
I'm not bringing them on full-time how
long am i actually bringing them on for
like how many hours a week I don't care
what kind of value they think they bring
how many hours a week are they are they
coming in and that's a fraction of full
time and then that's what I would give
them is a fraction of full time and if
you don't have any cash because normally
if you brought them on full-time it'd be
cash and equity then you turn that cash
into equity as well and that's a fair
deal you're valuing their time for what
it's worth and yeah it's going to be
probably bigger than what you're
normally used to giving advisors but
guess what now
expectations are built which is bring
the Thunder dude and if you don't um
you're fired
right you now have an employee make them
your employee and push them right
otherwise what you get when you squeeze
too hard you try to get like a tenth of
a percent you're going to get either an
amazing advisor that doesn't do for
you or a shitty advisor that does a lot
of bad work for you any other questions
all right heard somebody say up top go
for it
yeah I mean get some customers all right
so go live at Mom's and get some
customers all right take the bus uh eat
top ramen all right all right okay so
okay so that's a whole other ballgame
all right so my scrappy days no family
no girlfriend staying at Mom's so if you
have family go to Mom's I'm just kidding
you may not want to do that but yeah it
if you have a family it's a tough ordeal
it's tough to be scrappy when you got a
family
you got kids to take care of you got a
wife who's or a husband who's kicking
your ass so so yeah I mean it's just the
reality you got to figure out whether
being scrappy with a family is even
possible and so maybe that changes the
dynamic of when you get seed funding how
you go get it but remember your
competitors are going to be scrappy so
when the VCS or the Angels see people
coming in that already have a launch
product but you don't you're competing
with that so you have to bring the
Thunder some other way
now I think well okay so as compared to
what are they more risk-averse as
compared to what if I compare it to
angel angel investing or seed rounds
five six ten years ago they're just more
they're more angels there's more seed
money it's much more liquid what happens
what I see happens a lot is it's a
momentum play every angel deal that gets
done is a momentum play and so the key
there is there's a whole set of things
you can do is in the art of the deal to
make it high momentum hot you know a
high momentum play that gets you funded
at the end of it I wrote a blog post on
that it's called seed raising skills and
there's like three Z's on there but you
can just go to my blog and and take it
up take a look but there's a process
there's an art of the deal to bring
momentum angel deals are about momentum
and so you first gain that you know you
get that information out there you get
awareness and then there's certain ways
of saying things to get angels to start
tipping over and then when they start
tipping then you know then it becomes
momentum and there's certain ways to
play that other questions okay one more
question I will do something down here
how about way in the back there
write a blog make it interesting and
hustle the hell out of it to make sure
that other people are reading it right
and linking to it all right